This Week in Hung Truong: 5-25-08
Published on May 25, 2008.
So quite a lot has happened this week.
So much, in fact, that I haven’t really had much time to do things like write about what I’ve been doing in my blog.
So here’s a bulleted list of things I did this past week.
Perhaps I’ll write posts about them too, if I find some time:
Bought a PS3 and Grand Theft Auto 4 .
Started a new company with some friends (part of my internship).
This should probably require a whole new post or something.
Watched Snakes on a Plane .
Got Wii Fit .
Started moving some of my websites to a new server.
Currently trying to figure out how to run rails using Mongrel.
Currently fighting off an ant infestation.
Etc.
So, yeah. If I have time maybe I’ll write some more about these things.
Anyone have a preference to what they want to read about?
EDIT: I also just realized that I also:
Am growing a beard.
Did some taste experiments on a Faygo flavor known as “Rock & Rye.”
There’s probably even more.